What metal or alloy can be used to replace steel?
Why would a family only go by their last names?
Could slow shelled humanoids compete with other species?
Plausibility of &quot;muscle-locking&quot; paralytic vemon?
Microclimates of Peaks of Eternal Light on a Earth Like Planet
Could Cacti Become Suited for an Arctic Environment?
How to safely team up in hostile society?
Is a harsh environment conducive to the evolution of a peaceful society?
Ghost Worlds: Economic Collapse [closed]
A device/bomb that turn down if a component if high temperature or low pressure [closed]
How could a plant mimic sound?
Are there animals that can choose a caste/role/ability?
Warfare without modern powder or gasoline
How flexible would a Centaur&#39;s human half be? Could it turn around 180 degrees?
How did people sleep on historic ship types? [migrated]
Debris Field around space wreckage
Jumping Spherical Robots
How would plants obtain helium on an earth-like planet?
Could a planet with 0.9 Surface gravity retain this atmosphere?
Ocean Currents and Weather inside a Tipi World
Battlefield applications for illusory powers? [closed]
How to create a proper electric enhancement for melee weapons?
What&#39;s a good excuse for getting back to cables instead of wireless?
Mass for mass could a prehensile tail hits harder than human&#39;s punch?
Hairstyles for long-haired astronauts
How to fake my death in 1994 [closed]
Best handheld melee weapons for dragons to use?
Are there any heavier-than-air gases that could be made using medieval tech and have military applications?
Why would most species avoid democracy?
How would a futuristic robot soldier look like? [closed]
Creatures which can be mortal in one dimension and immortal in another dimension, How do I avoid time freezing forever?
Infantry portable coilgun power sources
Single vs multi-person drop pods
Reasonable placement of tectonic plates
How could an animal manipulate the flesh of a dead animal?
Sapient as juveniles, monstrous as adults
Flames with Unusual Colors
Construction and architecture in a world with regular earthquakes?
What would the sky look like on an infinite plane?
Could a river civilization develop in a cold desert climate?
Lead plate armor, a feasable defense against gamma radiation?
Realistic Ocean Currents on a custom world
Can it ever be safe for individuals to be able to own spaceships?
Are Black Holes Military &amp; Economic Assets? [closed]
What are the evolutionary advantages to have epicanthic folds?
Would many parents use In Vitro Gametogenesis and Designer Baby technology to choose to have girls with Complete Androgen insensitivity Syndrome? [closed]
Is terraforming of Europa going to make Jovian system much more dangerous?
War strategy between cities on the coast of the same inland sea? [closed]
Feasibility of active defense systems against kinetic weapons
Could there be biomes inside of asteroids?
Why does the ITCZ &quot;cling to&quot; landmasses?
How much salt juice does my bioelectric pulsed field magnet need?
If the earth was divided into a geodesic sphere (12 pentagons, X hexagons), and each hexagon had a 10km diameter, what&#39;s the value of X? [closed]
Low G vs High G planets and floating species
Ocean tides on a Banks Orbital
How does the human body reacts to cells older than its own? [closed]
How long would a species have to have this brain symbiote to prevent early puberty?
How could a human habitable planet naturally have a Titan like haze?
Maximum Orcish biological lifespan in this setting?
Could a hypothetical planet composed of a neon-oxygen or argon-oxygen atmosphere with Earth-like pressure levels sustain life?
What roles would the hierachy of a private army play in defending a town&#39;s sovereignty?
Playing cards in zero-g
Riding Flying Animals, sitting or lying on them?
Alternative reasons for inventing blackpowder
How would an entity automatically know when someone is directly observing it?
I have been thinking about writing a zombie apocylapse during modern times but medievel waepons are most commonly used [closed]
Naturally occurring, stable form of antimatter
How could earths life adapt on a new planet?
Would an inter-dimensional being need to eat? [closed]
Creating stable gravitationally bound alternatives to a single ultra massive galaxy?
How to make this armor flexible without losing protection?
Is this armor uncomfortable and dangerous?
Intercepting/surviving tank based high velocity kinetic weapons
Ecological niche of a horse sized wolf
Only 35 random people from disappeared Earth population are alive at any one time, how long before &quot;new&quot; babies are born?
Can a larger mass of stellar engines move a galaxy&#39;s dark matter?
Biological Nuclear Fission/Fusion [duplicate]
What type of organism should these brain symbiotes be? [closed]
Radiation poisoning and primitive peoples
How would a chronologically accelerated/slowed object affect a chronologically normal object?
How do Dragons Expel Sparks?
How far away from earth could atomic weapon detonations be detected?
Why do minotaur need glasses when their eyes are at the sides?
What is the worst crimes/misdeeds to be called a villainess? [closed]
What weaponry and equipment would a &#39;demonic&#39; race use?
How to defeat a pyrokinesis user using tech and science
How to use environment to shape character mind? [closed]
How could people handle arachnophobia in a world where spiders have the size of pets? [closed]
Is there any reason that justify or make seem more optimal to make sky observations for astronomical purposes on equinox and solstice?
What would a sentient AI do to safeguard its existence? [closed]
How would plants evolve into motile organisms? [closed]
kickstarting childbirth by rich investors [closed]
Merfolk Beauty Products (part 1: makeup)
How badly has the snakebot doomed the world?
Could nanites be used to increase muscle mass and density
What could be the reasoning behind why Elves go into metamorphosis?
If magic violates causality, then why there is no instant death spell? [closed]
Ways to Neutralize Firearms [closed]
What would a giant corpse island actually be like?
The Jumbled Jaunts of Jormungandr: How predictable is the Snakebot of Doom being?
What would be the most realistic approach for a Seismic Radar in a Land-ship?
Can a creature have an endoskeleton made of cellulose?
How to make terrestrial biochemistry more acid-resistant?
For my alternate earth, what could cause the position of the axis to change?
How can humans evolve a single burning hand? [closed]
Is this method of “burial” possible?
Why would my sect permanently change the color of my hair and irises?
Multiple moons with little effect on the planet
How to protect against a disease that spreads by thought?
How might Elves in this setting survive?
How would a crystal moon interact with light from the sun? Would a crystal moon reflect &quot;too much&quot; light for night time?
How to form an &quot;international alliance of nationalists&quot;?
How realistic would a city of over ten million people in an area of less than 100 square kilometres be?
How would you legally design a permanent curse of private investigation against a ransomware operator&#39;s family?
How bright would these four stars look on the planet you&#39;re standing on right now?
Politics and Zombies: Designing a balanced zombie plague that could realistically destroy civilization due to poor decision-making
How would modern naval warfare be altered by a complete lack of fossil fuels?
How to replace glucose with ethanol?
If a hawk-person teaches a peacock-person to fly, what will the peacock-person ultimately be capable of?
Could medieval ships be designed for a nearly boiling sea?
How Would Really Short Seasons Affect Climate
Shantungosaurus chase, mad max style
Why would people in the 23rd century appreciate 20th century music and fashion?
Wire guided space torpedoes
How could a starship take on a planet-massed passenger without noticing?
What would a heterozygote advantage against the mutant coronavirus responsible for COVID-19 look like?
How to Create Tidal Tsunamis
Is it possible for a Stone-Age equivalent society to produce catgut sutures?
Could a rocket use negative mass to fly without energy?
Ideal Settlement Location for Time Travelers [closed]
How many people can be evacuated from Boston before it is flattened by the Snakebot of Doom?
What are the Legal Responsibilities of a Police Officer with this Runaway Child?
Is a biotechnology-only civilization actually possible?
How would computers work if the number zero wasn&#39;t invented?
How possible are my living cobblestone roads?
When building a language &amp; alphabet (especially between species) what range of phonemes (mainly consonants) should be included?
Why would Mermaids develop ships?
How do I create a religion unlike greek pantheon?
How long can this planet hold its atmosphere?
How can these aliens evolve sapience without cooking?
How to know you are facing a hive-mind creature?
How do i count the % of sea of a map? [closed]
What weapons and equipment would be best for a Dullahan in this setting?
What material do I use to make a biological electromagnet?
What sort of explosive detonators could be made without modern technology?
How to recreate units of measure?
How can my character cool her tea quickly? [closed]
Are there any alternatives to oxygen for animal life?
Can reconnection of continents be sufficient reason for the evolution of sapience?
How could the equator remain frozen? [duplicate]
What melee weapons to use for small fireteams fighting many small enemies?
Beating “A Good Deal at Any Price”
Do we have enough knowledge for an alien John Hammond to resurrect our species from scratch?
How can a massive walled city be viable?
Does full plate armour require additional design considerations for cold regions?
How to make an Old Solar System planet Venus scientifically possible?
A periodic table planet [closed]
Organic replacement for AI
Why Do My Super-Soldiers Constantly Mutter Their Thoughts Out Loud?
Weather processes on a flat world
How easy would it be for an android to get away with homicide compared with a human being? [closed]
How many minis would it take to kill a unarmed/lightly armed giant, given the minis have roughly medieval tech? [closed]
How do unnatural processes compare to natural geological processes in the formation of rocks &amp; minerals? [closed]
Would &quot;new&quot; clothes from 40 years ago be readily wearable?
Do massive Spaceships cause destruction entering atmosphere? [closed]
Power Crystals for a more primitive time
How does my bloodless sword work?
What is the most advanced form of torch?
How to stop soldiers from selling their equipment?
What kind of technology would make subatomic particles stable?
Where&#39;s the &#39;centaur of mass&#39;?
How can a gigantic creature combat neural lag?
Do humans really need arms and legs?
How would griffins collect materials for their nests?
Scuba diving in the Permian Seas - effects on pre-dive calculus and commercial diving
Minimum Group Size for Sterile Workers?
How to write the initial robot apocalypse [closed]
Cyberpunk Loan Shark
Just How Omnipresent Would Cheap Cross Laminated Spider Silk Be?
How can I have an optimistic positive faction in a cyberpunk style world?
Would android women be a better companionship and better sex partners for men than &quot;real&quot; women? [closed]
How would a medieval society treat and view Giants?
Would Corrosive Weapons Work in Outer Space?
What geological and climatic factors could result in a planet where the only biomes are oceans, deserts and wetlands? A wet OR dry world
How would Air adhesives work? [closed]
How do Time Keepers log their diaries?
Why would great white sharks be sacred animals?
Would it be possible to produce energy using copper coils on the moon interacting with the Earth&#39;s magnetosphere?
Would A Gravity Blade Be Possible To Create?
What kind of houses would giant creatures build?
How can the Bank of the United States surviving into the 20th century prevent the Great Depression?
How big can a young mad scientist make their homemade Clifford before he overheats?
If vault was magically pelted by stones the size of cannonballs for eternity, how long would it be able to keep it&#39;s contents safe?
How can a deity&#39;s karma be corrupted by the reincarnation cycle?
What would keep demons existing within pocket realities from entering human domains?
Social effects of super senses
The air is warmer at the top of the mountain. How?
Protection for pilots in instantaneous high G/ high jerk racing
Superconductive Fluid to substitute blood for a biomachine?
Is it Possible to Manage a Police State Prior to the Invention of Widespread and Reliable Communication Technology?
How does a Sphinx strangle its victims with no hands?
Virologically Correct Wart-Causing Toad
A Bioengineered Organism With AI
How quickly can a world industrialize?
How to attack with War Lice?
How high could someone jump in Earth&#39;s gravity if an electric motor lifted 90% of their weight?
Population recovery time after a fantasy nuclear winter
Roombas scurry in my robot city, what kind of filth would humans be?
Taxonomic Ranks on a World with a Creator
Why to not create a warrior species if you can?
How common are men with feminine features and gynecomastia in a future where gender roles has become obsolete? [closed]
An assassin robot that can only be avoided by listening to the sounds of its cooling unit burning things
Harmonizing Lamarckism with Genetics [closed]
Why must all magic teachers master the basics of forbidden dark magic?
Orbital Towers &amp; Tethered Asteroids
How would a fictional Slavic country in modern times survive the Soviet Union with their monarchy existing into modern times?
If AI had been developing for 5000+ years and the singularity happened, what would be the last human jobs left on earth?
What is the strongest skin that a biomachine could possibly produce?
What Bronze Age Jobs Couldn&#39;t be Replaced by Extremely Well Trained Animals?
With a Fertility Rate of 2.2, all else being held equal, what is the population doubling time?
Accidentally detonating Titan?
What would the commodity money system of an interstellar civilization be made of?
Future limits detecting the Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB)
How large can individual Dyson segments be before they get torn apart by tidal forces or orbital variations?
Creating a Species purely for Warfare
Are my &quot;ZW humans&quot; plausible?
Could this filter feeder have a hybrid lung-stomach organ?
What&#39;s in it for the most detested and lonely god to perform his duty diligently?
Would a longer PETM make Earth hotter than it was?
Agriculture on a 15th century era Tidally locked Planet
Grazing Adaptations in Many-Mouthed Animals
What would happen to a star if most of its energy were reflected back at it?
Are there any non-organic resources that are rare in the grand-scheme of the Universe, but common on Earth?
Is a rainforest (or any single-biome) planet feasible
How far can a human see a human sized object in detail [closed]
Would a Oil platform-like battle-ship face too much water drag?
What&#39;s the point of building a Dyson sphere if you&#39;re going to mine everything in a stellar system?
Why are Orcs always at war for seemingly no reason? [closed]
Could these humanoids properly clothe themselves?
time travel strategy: A How-to Manual on Rewriting the history of Invention [closed]
How Can River Nomads Protect Themselves?
Mercenary Nobles
Using a Royal Harem as a Bureaucratic Corps
Eternity - psychological process behind forgetting one&#39;s name
Feasibility of a Cannibalistic Army? [closed]
Anatomical Plausibility of Snake-Footed People [closed]
Possible ways of conjuring &quot;matter&quot;?
Is this scenario possible? How can it be done?-Dyson sphere replaced by gas giant star
What could be ethical reasons for deep sea mining? [closed]
Could an ecosphere realistically survive in space long enough to plant life on a new celestial body
How could a shrink ray work?
Why would a small climbing herbivore have tusks?
What causes the bubbles of marshes and swamps? [closed]
How long would (dry) food in a glass jar survive in space?
How can I justify an Iron monopoly?
Anatomically Correct Sciapod
What could feyfolk use for lighting?
A pill that &quot;pauses&quot; the worsening or healing of a condition
Does not swinging their arms helps a centaur gallop faster?
Effectiveness of brass knuckles as a last ditch weapon
How can we enable a centaur to climb between different floors?
What is the maximum speed an elastic (or other materials) could propel an arrow/fin-stabilized-bullet?
UBER-BAMBOOs: The Baobab Bamboo
Permantly Fog-Filled Canyon
Could Centaurs wear Dresses?
Feasibility of Jade Armor
How can the number of inconsistencies within a universe increase with successive patches?
Building a Dyson sphere while preserving moons/other objects?
Matrioshka brains with stellar engines?
How could a real life apocalypse game draw in most people?
What would be some social welfare systems of a first world developed nation with a GINI Index of 32.56? [closed]
How would a species in a world where magic is banned also ban Science? [closed]
What types of conditions in an early civilization would create a religion that values joy, celebration, camaraderie and loyalty?
What is fastest believable growth rate and reproduction cycle for a 150-300-meters-tall tree?
Ideal helmet shape that uses chiton armored goggles
Despite scientific advancements that can eliminate all birth defects, why would incest still be a taboo?
What would be a good explanation for why Trolls eat Elves?
Effects in space on a human standing to the side of the muzzle of a huge rail gun when fired
Ways to initiate a supernova explosion
How would the general public be kept unaware of a zombie outbreak? [closed]
Would many parents use Designer Baby technology to make their children have Asperger Syndrome?
Could ectotherms keep warm in winter?
What negative effects would stem from a world having many inland seas rather than large connected oceans?
When (if) data dependent AI can think in all ways better than humans, will humans depend on esp or premonition to maintain survival value?
Can sharkmen perceive your emotions?
Would lack of sexual dimorphism negatively impact a brutish humanoid species
Anatomically Correct Tarasque
How can enormous giants hide their existence in a modern city?
Could gravity exist without gravitons?
If magic can manipulate memories for inmates on death row, why hasn&#39;t capital punishment been abolished?
Adrenochrome artificial synthesis
Could you detect extrasolar intelligence using a non radio-telescope or other instrument?
Advice for creating scientifically plausable human-animal hybrids? [closed]
What could someone who is able to add to their muscle mass accomplish?
Is this asteroid realistic?
Could you freeze a nuclear explosion [closed]
Griffin with Hybrid Foreleg Anatomy
Would &quot;empathetic&quot; plants dominate over other plants?
Anatomically Correct Hakutaku
Everything is normally light. It is dark waves that travel and cause darkness - how?
Darkness on a hycean world
How could Giants hunt?
In this binary, how far would the secondary planet orbit the primary planet and still have its own day-night spin?
data crystal ready, please insert the crystal inside your brain to continue. Wait! but where?
What speed could a Nicoll-Dyson beam propel a solar sail ship to?
How would a &quot;computer&quot; be useful in a medieval world? [duplicate]
Life present on earth-like habitable exo-planet
Would there be any ways to theoretically have powered flight before the invention of an engine?
Will my hull change neutralise the effects of discharging projectile weapons from a space ship? [closed]
What is a plausible reason for everyone to disappear/die except for one person?
Is there a medical condition or neurological disorder that makes it so a person cannot make facial expressions?
What would climates look like on a world 1&#176;C?
Could language coexist with complex natural signals? [closed]
If colonization of the Solar System had to skip Mars, what other targets would humanity choose?
Muzzle velocity of a metallic hydrogen firearm
Endless global night.. but an agreeable climate, how come?
Could sponges swim with their inner currents?
Could a group of large flying creatures cause a tornado?
No one wants to reproduce because it&#39;s disgusting, how does the species avoid extinction?
What material blocks cigarette smoke the smell and the vocs from passing through vents? [migrated]
How fast would a colonizing population grow on virgin soil?
How dangerous are the equivalent of flying piranhas to the ecosystem?
How many workers are required for a medieval civilization to have metals?
One reason Taiwan&#39;s military would be using weapons sold by China
Effectiveness of a modern-built Q-ship in the Napoleonic Wars
How would portals that link Earth and a fantasy world work?
How do I know the weight of this shark?
The demise of the Bussard ramjet. Long live the Bussard ramjet. Can we save it @ Worldbuilding?
Means of partial submersion for a pirate&#39;s ship
Impact of Cheap Synthetic Diamonds
Can two planets orbit a star in a binary fashion?
How would it feel to sense a magnetic field reversal of one&#39;s planet?
Are there things that can make natural lifespan in other planets inherently longer?
How possible is my dwarf&#39;s biology?
Could these Humanoid/Reptilian shoulders support legs?
Replace pens by typewriters
Draft 2: Are my tectonic plate formations plausible?
A world with WWII warships but more diverse classes/roles
Could an empire be built around a desert?
A nation is using its citizens as a distributed computing network to solve some kind of problem. What kind of problem is it trying to solve? [closed]
Self inflicted extinction in a modern setting - Plausibility and Duration?
Earthquake-prone civilisation — could floating cities be the answer?
What are some hypothetical specs for Elon Musk&#39;s next generation Starship for 2060?
Would 1000 glass cannons made out of sapphire be invincible throughout the 13th century AD?
Barrel length of a metallic hydrogen firearm
Bones with iron like beaver teeth. Would it work?
What would a good justification for my giants having a non-spoken language?
How do I make my young character getting shot and recovering realistic with the following narrative needs? [closed]
Plausibility of Cheek Gills
Plausibility of Ear Fins
Can this &quot;headgear&quot; be used for defense even if woven and curved sideways?
How can a deity make his desires known to his followers without communicating with them directly?
Potential mathematical argument against AGI (artificial general intelligence)?
Methods for mitigating impact of a large high speed cloud of dust in space
Why can humanoid robots designed solely for social purposes lift a 30 ton fire truck?
How can a malign government suppress life-saving technology?
Refugee actions due to climate change + water crisis in Bangladesh
How un-dense could a super-duper-Earth be if that super-duper Earth was bigger than Neptune?
How could the varying multiple colorful skin colors of a Fantasy race be explained?
Robot Creation and Copyrights
How is my biomes map?
Could galactic tides power FTL travel?
How likely these animals evolved on a sheer cliff? [closed]
What Might SETI do with a trillion dollar budget? [closed]
Do you need a new brain to see new colors?
Aliens exist on the other side of the nearby wormhole, but we don&#39;t know wormhole exists yet. How might they be detected and communicated with?
Hacking the simulation to do time travel (with quantum computers?)
Why do generation ships have large rectangular shaped portholes instead of round ones?
How can extraterrestrials know more advanced math, and use it, to systematically beat the USA stock market? [closed]
How would a city work to accommodate much larger and smaller humanoids? [duplicate]
Feasible Benefits of Synapsid Lineage for Turbovores
What is a safe distance from a stellar nursery and what will it look like from that distance?
How Big Can An Ancient Bird Powered Glider Get?
Transit for an advanced aquatic species?
A 24 hour day with less than 24 time zones
human version of hermit crabs
How to heal a defective superhuman?
A substance that would cause a human to explode if eaten, but not your pet
Feasibility of cylindrical rasterization? (Alien GPUs)
1-month Free Shipping... To Mars
Solar harvesting with cycles of star lifting
How could human-like intelligence evolve in a nonsocial, non-carnivorous species? [closed]
Can brittle but harder swords be preferred in period context or against unarmored opponents?
Plausible natural reason why you can land on a earthlike planet yet can never get back to orbit from it?
How can a secret machine cult hide the construction of underground forge complexes?
How would the &#39;sky&#39; look in a Stanford Torus?
Is it possible for a blood type AB person to become type O temporarily?
What would cause city walls to return?
Why would a species from the Homo genus have overwhelmingly B negative blood type?
Time Dilation and Melee Combat
Plausible matter cycle for rock-based life
How can witches compete with mega-corporations who benefit from economies of scale?
Can the cryptographic algorithm DES be implemented in a electromechanical machine with the technology of the early 20th century (1900-1938)?
What Might the Highest Plausible Fertility Rate For A Wealthy Society Be?
In a supercontinent would ships still be the primary way of transportation before the invention of engines?
Detect a &quot;dark&quot; portal in space from the planets surface
Most in-demand items/skills in dystopian future [closed]
Can you carburize iron or tungsten using biomass?
Give me a human-portable weapon capable of rapidly melting a Terminator into a molten puddle
How to modernize military in a short time
Advantages of my runic magic system that can be used to build machines and computers over electronic circuits [closed]
Safe and non noticeable changes in gravity
Would sailing plankton be viable?
Living around a quark star
How to weaponize the dinosaurs [closed]
Really-High-Speed Train for Kids
Ecologically Correct Wolpertinger
Focus mode side effects
An anthropomorphic personification of the new year [closed]
What would cause full body armor to return?
How would using trees as sarcophagi affect the forest?
Using a Dyson Sphere to Produce Antimatter?
Is use of virtual reality to explore taboo activities a good idea? [closed]
How easy is it to fake being in a different social class?
What is the largest population a single spaceship could sustain? [closed]
Given the parameters of this planetary system, what would the practical effects be on its surface?
What are the implications of this given planetary situation?
How fast would 2ft tall people process alcohol?
Is it effective for a dragon to have a bat-like wing structure with feathers?
Is it possible to make a Demonic bite force for a demon with split mandible
Can a desert and semi-desert be right beside each other geographically?
Could multiple sentient humanoids live in the same environment?
What would inter-system economy and communication look like in a Pre-FTL space colonization future? [closed]
How could a Fantasy World remain hidden?
Would mountains on the coast of a small island continent still have a rain shadow?
how do traffic move when there&#39;s roadblock by police [closed]
Can trolls create chimeras with their renegeration ability?
How to power and animate origami soldiers?
Why would a more technologically advanced society continue to build many buildings out of stone rather than glass and metal?
How large can an oceangoing vessel be made within the constraints of Neolithic technology?
Does a predator have any use for narcotic venom?
Could slimes/mimics feasibly exist
Possible methods to convert gravitational waves into storable energy?
How to conduct espionage in countries of different races?
What can you know about a creature just by looking at their appearance?
What military exploitation is possible of an isolated, barren island by a pre-industrial world?
Plants or something else that enriches distilled water
A mathematical problem that no computer can solve, but a human can
Magnesium Sword as Non-Magical Flaming Swords
Could certain parts of someone&#39;s body have denser nerves than other parts?
The upper limits of mecha design
Around how advantageous is it to build underground
What are reasonable units of energy measurement for my sci-fi RPG?
Could a super-advanced but sociopathic alien civilization &quot;blind-hack&quot; Earth, even if it had never even heard of humans?
Could ossicone-horns be useful?
Why would a society promote a genetic dead end (half elves)
Rebuilding humanity from forty-ish people in the middle of an alien world within 400 years [closed]
What exactly are the requirements for the formation of a rainforest?
What would it take for aircraft to fully replace naval vessels?
Maximum Possible Size for a Tethered Balloon?
How could an object float/levitate in a spherical shell
Stopping a Disease from Evolving
Using real-world art as inspiration for secondary worlds
How can a wizard make a deal with a demon without interacting face-to-face? [closed]
How could a supreme god give patch notes to reality?
How much gunpowder (or other materials) it would be required to accelerate 4mm Tungsten Sphere to 50 km/s? [closed]
How can a creature get high off of anti-acne medication?
How many survivors would grow on earth years after a worldwide nuclear holocaust?
What would be some natural threats for inch-scale Neanderthals? [closed]
What benefits would make humans want to use organic technology? [closed]
How could a human produce slime from his/her skin? Such as slime of a hagfish or slug?
What would the equator be like if Modern-Day Earth were as hot as the Cambrian?
Would a solar flare that wipes out all of the worlds financial data cause hyperinflation or hyperdeflation of the remaining physical currency?
Mammavian Integument [closed]
Would crossbreeding between humans and trolls always be taboo?
How would technological development be different on a lifeless planet?
Explaining Anthropomorphism In Later Development
What would a map of an Earth that is 50% land look like?
How to keep the peace after an attempt to colonize an inhabited planet?
Could electric grids of the past have handled significant quantities of variable energy sources like wind and solar?
What adaptations would a winged humanoid species have to be able to live on a mountain peak?
Could mass timber construction techniques have been used in the past?
What would prevent Big Pharma from marketing witch potions to consumers in pill form?
Shortest pregnancy length possible using artificial womb technology [closed]
How to convince clan leaders and Party Cadres to give up their power?
Best star for a Dyson sphere?
Seeing oneself in an abstract painting
Best method to convert gamma radiation to electrical or any other form or energy
A reason to require having a tube run down from the mouth to the lungs in order to breath
How to find a way to resist full mind control [closed]
Explaining Symbiosis for Rhydar
How do I design a city to be habitable under a constant barrage of low-yield nukes?
What if large pterosaurs like Quetzalcoatlus had survived as isolates in New Zealand and ended up domesticated by the Maori?
How to encourage education, and an atmosphere of respecting knowledge and critical thinking for a multi-racial warrior nation?
How protective is this monomolecular wire ‘force field’?
Could legs work without knees?
What is your fuel consumption when traveling at relativistic speeds?
How to completely domesticate big cats while keeping them huge?
How do you prove whether there are four elements?
Non-sphericity of &quot;omnidirectional&quot; signals? [closed]
Nail to Claw: Evolutionary pressures for hominids to develop claws
How would one design a helmet for antlered humanoids?
How would a futuristic style army use androids that mimic humans in any way? [closed]
How can siphoning power from a god fail to increase Mana reserves?
Would grass still be able to thrive if it grew into being like green shards of glass?
How big can my centaurs be due the square cube law?
Using nanoparticles to give people blood clots for fun and profit
Could 2-handed quadrupeds use tools as well as humans?
How could a human biologically climb vertical walls?
